README.md, before:

# Carbyne Stack Common

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/carbynestack/common/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=XY3TLGJYEC)](https://codecov.io/gh/carbynestack/common)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/carbynestack/common/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/carbynestack/common)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

This library provides a set of common types and testing utilities for all
Carbyne Stack services, clients and other components. The content is split into
two distinct dependencies. Common-types for public API signature types, as well
as other shared code and common testing utilities which are needed to implement
tests in Carbyne Stack in a desirable manner with JUnit argument sources and
AssertJ custom assertion.

## License

Carbyne Stack *Castor Tuple Store* is open-sourced under the Apache License 2.0.
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing

Please see the Carbyne Stack
[Contributor's Guide](https://github.com/carbynestack/carbynestack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
.

Commit message:

Add 3rd party licenses section to README
Signed-off-by: David Greven <fixed-term.David.Greven@de.bosch.com>

README.md, after:

# Carbyne Stack Common

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/carbynestack/common/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=XY3TLGJYEC)](https://codecov.io/gh/carbynestack/common)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/carbynestack/common/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/carbynestack/common)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

This library provides a set of common types and testing utilities for all
Carbyne Stack services, clients and other components. The content is split into
two distinct dependencies. Common-types for public API signature types, as well
as other shared code and common testing utilities which are needed to implement
tests in Carbyne Stack in a desirable manner with JUnit argument sources and
AssertJ custom assertion.

## License

Carbyne Stack *Castor Tuple Store* is open-sourced under the Apache License 2.0.
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

### 3rd Party Licenses

For information on how license obligations for 3rd party OSS dependencies are
fulfilled see the [README](https://github.com/carbynestack/carbynestack) file of
the Carbyne Stack repository.

## Contributing

Please see the Carbyne Stack
[Contributor's Guide](https://github.com/carbynestack/carbynestack/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
.
